Debate Registraion

This Ruby on Rails app has been developed to assist APDA teams to register people to their tournament. It works like this:

- Each school has one person who signs up the rest of their school
- They create an account and enter in themselves as their school's registration point of contact
- Then, following the links inside the welcome page the user signs up their teams, register judges, and enter in other pertinent admin info.
- Information is saved as you go along so there's no need to sit and type everything in at once. You can also go back and change information if you find you need to drop a team, change your registration, etc. 

Built in behind the scenes:

- There is an admin account for each school to see who has registered so far, and what they have signed up for (teams, hotel rooms, etc). Info for this account can be found/modified in the db/seed.rb file
- Admin account can also delete any entered school information, teams, judges, etc. This is so the app can be reused every year
- There's also a price calculator for what is expected each school pays so you don't have to do it by hand. The logic for this is found in app/models/school.rb

Technical notes:
- CanCan is installed, but no authorization check has been implemented. 1) I ran out of time trying to figure out how to get it to work before the deployment date. 2) Its APDA debators. Who actually has the know-how to fool around with the app? (besides MIT)
- Assets have been precompiled in this release of the app. 
- Mailer is configured for heroku add-on mailgun so that users can retrieve passwords, etc. 

If you have any further questions about this, feel free to mail me at lusk.pbj@gmail.com
